[Music]
I came to pass when Adonai Zedeck King
of Jerusalem heard how Joshua had taken
AI and had utterly destroyed it as he
had done to Jericho and it's King so he
had done to AI and its King and how the
inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace
with Israel and were among them that
they feared greatly because Gibeon was a
great city like one of the royal cities
and because it was greater than AI and
all its men were mighty therefore Adonai
zedek King of Jerusalem sent to Hull him
king of Hebron Hiram king of jonatha to
fire king of lay fish and diba king of
Eggland's saying come up to me and help
me and we may attack Gibeon brittany has
made peace with Joshua and with the
children of Israel therefore the five
kings of the ammonites the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
John the king of lakish and the king of
Eggland's gathered together and went up
they and all their armies and can't
before Gibeon and made war against it
and the men of Gibeon sent to joshua at
the camp at Gilgal do not forsake your
servants come up to us quickly save us
and help us for all the kings of the
amorite who dwell in the mountains have
gathered together against us so Joshua
ascended from Gilgal he and all the
people of war with him and all the
mighty man of Valor
and the Lord said to Joshua do not fear
them for I have delivered them into your
hand not a man of them shall stand
before you
Joshua therefore came upon them suddenly
having marched all night from Gilgal so
the Lord routed them before Israel
killed them with a great slaughter at
Gibeon chased them along the road that
goes to beth Holden and struck them down
as far as a Zika and Makeda and it
happened as they fled before Israel and
were on the descent
but the Lord passed down large
hailstones from heaven on them as far as
a Zika and they've done there were more
who died from the hailstones and the
children of Israel killed with the sword
then Joshua spoke to the Lord in the day
when the Lord delivered up the Amorite
before the children of Israel and he
said in the sight of Israel son stands
still over Gibeon and Moon in the valley
of a July the Sun Stood Still and the
moon stopped till the people had revenge
upon their enemies
is this not written in the book of
Jasher so the Sun Stood Still in the
midst of heaven and did not hasten to go
down for about a whole day and there has
been no day like that before it or after
it that the Lord heeded the voice of a
man for the Lord fought for Israel
[Music]
then Joshua returned and all Israel with
him to the camp at Gilgal but these five
kings had fled and hidden themselves in
a cave at Makeda
and it was told Joshua the five kings
have been found hidden in the cave at
Makita roll large stones against the
mouth of the cave and set men by it to
guard them and do not stay there
yourselves but pursue your enemies and
attack their rear guard do not allow
them to enter their cities for the Lord
your God has delivered them into your
hand then it happened while Joshua and
the children of Israel made an end of
slaying them with a very great slaughter
till they had finished that those who
escaped entered fortified cities and all
the people returned to the camp to
Joshua at Makita in peace no one moved
his tongue against any of the children
of Israel then Joshua said open the
mouth of the cave and bring out those
five Kings to me from the cave and they
did so and brought out those five kings
to him from the cave the king of
Jerusalem the king of Hebron the king of
Jaffa 'the the king of lakish and the
king of egg
so it was when they brought out those
Kings to Joshua that Joshua called for
all the men of Israel and said to the
captains of the man-of-war who went with
him come near put your feet on the necks
of these kings and they drew near and
put their feet on their necks do not be
afraid nor be dismayed be strong and of
good courage for thus the Lord will do
to all your enemies against whom you
fight daftest Joshua struck them and
killed them and hang them on five trees
and they were hanging on the trees until
evening
so it was at the time of the going down
of the Sun that Joshua commanded and
they took them down from the trees cast
them into the cave where they had been
hidden and laid large stones against the
caves month which remained until this
very day on that day Joshua took Makita
and struck it and it's king with the
edge of the sword he utterly destroyed
them all the people who were in it he
let none remain he also did to the king
of makita as he had done to the king of
Jericho then Joshua passed from Makita
and all Israel with him to Libman and
they fought against Libman and the Lord
also delivered it and its King into the
hand of Israel he struck it and all the
people who were in it with the edge of
the sword he let none remain in it but
did to its king as he had done to the
king of Jericho then Joshua passed from
Libman and all Israel with him to lakish
and they encamped against it and fought
against it and the Lord delivered lakish
into the hand of Israel who took it on
the second day and struck it and all the
people who were in it with the edge of
the sword according to all that he had
done to Lebanon then horan king of Giza
came up to help lakish and Joshua struck
him and his people until he left him
none remain
from lakish Joshua passed to Eglin and
all Israel with him and they encamped
against it and fought against it they
took it on that day and struck it with
the edge of the soul all the people who
were in it he utterly destroyed that day
according to all that he had done to
lakish so Joshua went up from Edlin and
all Israel with him to Hebron and they
fought against it and they took it and
struck it with the edge of the sword
it's king all its cities and all the
people who are in it he left none
remaining according to all that he had
done to Eglin but utterly destroyed it
and all the people who were in it
and Joshua returned and all Israel with
him to deburr and they fought against it
and he took it and it's King and all its
cities they struck them with the edge of
the sword and utterly destroyed all the
people who are in it he left none remain
as he had done to Hebron so he did to
deburr and its King as he had done also
to Lebanon and it's king so Joshua
conquered all the land the mountain
country and the south and the lowland
and the wilderness slopes and all their
kings he left none remaining but utterly
destroyed all that breathed as the Lord
God of Israel had commanded and Joshua
conquered them from Kadesh Barnea
as far as Gaza and all the country of
Goshen even as far as Gideon
all these kings and their land Joshua
took at one time because the Lord God of
Israel fought for Israel then Joshua
returned and all Israel with him to the
camp at Gilgal
[Music]